when they get to the front of the
gardens just and just to say his name so
they're expecting them to come they'll
bring them down by the dressing room
we'll take care of them okay
so dollars you already you want to hang
out here you want to meet the guys after
the walnut all right hang on I'll see
you after the warm-up okay what do you
wanna do
come on out
okay come on in bud meet all the guys
still cut so alright it's Thomas cabaret
grab boys all right cool yeah you know
Brian change the docks be there alright
alright budget they see how that when I
went for you there's another room
wonderful see the other guys to Logan I
throw Kathy yeah Daniel winter great
there just wanted to meet all the boys
all so he scored he was able to play
hockey to stir for a little bit his
first game scored a goal first game yeah
alright alright bunch see say good luck
to all the boys alright the far wall
Steven Stamkos yeah alright Dan Chloe
his first game mercenary was allowed to
play hockey scored a goal on this first
game
tell the boys ready say good luck good
luck tall guy they see my commissary
yeah it's Chris Chris Kelly Clark
McCarty place for the leaves you know
the captain Dion put up right there all
right
we're steed Chris Persky right there all
right chin Connolly all right let's go
all right cool now you can hang out on
the bench if you want on it you want to
hang out on the bench what's up
all right now it's ready buddy
this is our ship here Oh
I got my trophy right here right that's
what it's all about in our view CNN hlp
al guys do like dogs get the gameplay no
hope screen for these kids so today's
all about that and children